# WebTech Autograder
WebTech's Github Plugin for our Autograding System.
- Automatic Code Grading
- Instant Feedback generation
- Humanized report directly commited into student's repository

This repository is an autograding system that acts as a Github action. It reads students' submission files and executes pre-implemented unit tests over them, it then calculates a final score based on criteria configuration between three main separations (base points,bonus points, and penalty point subtractions). 
Inside each of these separations you can also manage groups of tests (subjects) if you want to make a group of tests be more valuable (in points) than another. After reaching a final score, the feedback layer is responsible for generating a feedback report .md file in the user's repository. 
Currently, we have the default feedback generator (that simply points a failed test and shows a pre-written message that tries to guide the student to identify the cause of the problem) and the AI feedback generator, that is fed with assignment context, student files, feedback orientations and even learning resources to recommend, the AI then analyse the test report and analyse the student's submission to identify the precise cause of the errors found.
The autograder system is designed to be fully configurable and be applied to any assignment a user may desire. For that, our goal is to allow users to place their own test files (with their desired assignment validation logic) along with their autograder configuration files. For the custom test file usage, we developed two alternatives for users, each one with its pros and cons. Users may want less work (less coding and file creation), and for this we allow them to include pytest test files as their assignment tests. By using "native" python tests (that's the reason of the native key in criteria.json), users will only worry about writing the unit tests and the PytestGrader will handle all the test result processing logic with no other tool required. However, by choosing python tests, users may lose freedom of implementation since they will have to work with pytest supported validation logic. So, if an user desire more flexibility for an assignment validation, they should use the non-native autograder configuration, that allows users to implement any type of assignment validation approach possible, since they format their test results into a standardized test-results.json file. For that, users will have more freedom of implementation but will also have to deal with test result processing into a understandable format for the autograder. Right now, we don't have a fully customizable autograding tool ready for use, as it is currently being built. If you consider that after such contextualization there are changes to be made in your suggested architecture, do so.